**Trend Analysis project**

Goals: To identify trending concepts/ideas from TikTok data so creators have a stronger understanding of content direction.

Method: Tracking groups of hashtags (grouped by word embedding) and finding those with statistically significant increases.

Use Case: Once scaled to include more data (more hashtags or keywords), more specific trends can be found to direct content for greater engagement.

Specifics:
Used data generated from Mir, extracted dates and grouped by hashtags after filtering bad hashtags. Groups of hashtags was generated by word embedding
from Bert model and grouped by k-means clustering (process took 56 hours for 10,000 groups for ~13,000 hashtags). To run the dash app, run _Trends Dash App Take 3.py_, tag_groups.json is needed
to load in the groups of hashtags, Tik_Tok_Grouped.pkl is the grouped tik-tok data for last 2 months and the code visualises the graphs in a dash app with 4
sliders as explained in Intern Presentation. 

hashtag_trend_vectors.ipynb provides a jupyter file where experimentation and differing models were devloped and tested. It also shows how data was grouped into 
hashtag groups and sorted by date and resampling frequency. Lastly it shows the process of reading in and saving pkl files after analysis. 

Overall outcomes of this project included: showing more data is needed for trend analysis (or some method to weight hashtags by view count), showing a viable alternative
to web scraping trend data and showing well constructed visuals with relevant parameters that are dependent on client requirements.

Code was written solely by Rishi Goel and Milind Bordia with strong support from Linqia Data Team and engineering team. Note that no GPU's were used to run any code 
and all execution was done locally.
